1) AdvancedInventory (MultipleTab) missing F4 Buttons for Part, Operation and Location
2) Update MaterialHandlerAnalytics to use the same functionality as Visual's InventoryAudit User Analytics control.  Create a new HTML file to show information, graphs, scoring, For scoring keep it simple, 1 pt for Adds and Removes.  2 Points for Transfers.  Remove the Quality & Anomalies, User Detail and Glossary & Metrics tabs.
3) When done with #2, remove the menu item from Development in MainForm and place it into View instead.
4) Hide the Help Menu Item in MainForm
5) ReceivingAnalytics toggle buttons need to respect the animation toggle setting set in Control_Theme.
6) PO Details Form - Refactor to not use a gridview, instead use textboxes w/ labels for each of the columns, place a next and back button to navigate through the PO's Lines (if only 1 line exisits for the PO then disable it) also search through the InforVisual csv files to figuoure out how to get the Line Specs and place that data into a richtextbox as there can be multiple lines of text in this.
7) ReceivingAnaltyics - Filters, PO State and Receiving Scope's Groupboxes should be set to extend to the bottom of the Search Panel (Row 1 of TabelLayoutPanel)
8) Die Tool Discovery - "Enter Part Number or Die Number" SuggestionTextBox needs to allow both Part Numbers and FGTs to be entered, currently it only allows FGTs.
9) Coil/Flatstock Search Tab (inside Die Tool Discovery) - Search the InforVisual csv files to indentify where to find a Part Number's Auto-issue Location ID (in Infor Visual, this is found in Part Maintenance -> Defaults Tab)
10) Add a "Where Used" Button to the Coil/Flatstock Search Tab (inside Die Tool Discovery), that should show (in DGV format) what Work Orders, Parts, FGTs, excedra the selected part is used.  If there is selected MMC/MMF then this button needs to be disabled.  In Infor Visual this screen is loaded by going to Part Maintenance -> {Entering a Part ID} -> Info -> Where Used.
12) InventoryAudit Control - Add Filters for the Date Range using Radio Buttons (Today, This week (7 days), This Month, This Quarter, This Year, Custom) Only allow the user to edit the 2 date range calander controlers if Custom is selected, the default Radio Button will be This Week)
13) Add a new Table to mtm_wip_application_winforms (and_test) that will house InforVisual Related settings.  call it sys_visual.  The 1st column we need to create for this will be a json column that will house what shift users are.  this data will be generated via a sql command to the Infor Visual server via a button in the Development -> Database Mainteneance Menu (Add a 2nd Groupbox under the Cleanup Groupbox that will house the InforVisual Related commands.) The Command that will pull the users shifts from the visual server should work like this.  Generate an array of all active users in INforVisual over the last month.  Using that data go though each user name from the array and using the Transaction History Table look at create times of the past 50 transactions the user made.  with that information if the average time for that user falls between 6am and 2pm then the user is 1st shift, if the time falls between 2pm and 10pm then the user is 2nd shift, if the time falls between 10pm and 6am then the user is 3rd shift, if the average time falls between (Friday - Mondays only, 6am - 6pm) the user is Weekend Shift, for all users where a time could not be found use the shift "Unknown"
14) Add a new Column to the sys_visual table that will house visual user full names.  this info can be gathered by looking for matching Visual UserName variable on the mtm_wip_application_winforms database vs the list of users from the visual database.  This column will also be in json format.  Then add a new Button to the Groupbox created in #13 that will run update this column.
15) Update InventoryAudit -> User Analytics that when Load Users is clicked to use the new Visual UserName data from the sys_visual table by showing the full name of the user in Parentacies example {CheckBox} JKOLL (John Koll).  Make sure to still use the JKOLL {UserName} for all sql queues.
16) Update InventoryAudit -> User Analytics by adding the following:
    16a) Date Range using Radio Buttons (Today, This week (7 days), This Month, This Quarter, This Year, Custom) Only allow the user to edit the 2 date range calander controlers if Custom is selected
    16b) Checkboxes for selecting Users by SHift (First, Second, Third, Weekend)